datatype
1. What is use of void data type?
2. What is size of int data type in c?
3. What will happen if we will assign a value to float variable which is beyond the range of float data type?
4. Write down three derived data types in c.
5. Can we use signed keyword with double? Why?  
6. Why range of signed char is -128 to 127 not -127 to 128?
7. What is cyclic nature of int data type?
8. What will be output of following c code?
void main(){
    char i=250;
    printf(“%d”,i);
}
9. What is volatile keyword in c?
10. It is necessary to initialize the const variable in c?

What is the difference between list and tuples in Python?
Q2. What are the key features of Python?
Q3. What type of language is python?
Q4. How is Python an interpreted language?
Q5. What is pep 8?
Q6. How is memory managed in Python?
Q7. What is name space in Python?
Q8. What is PYTHON PATH?
Q9. What are python modules?
Q10. What are local variables and global variables in Python?

Name the keyword which helps in writing code involves condition.
 Write the syntax of simple if statement.
 Is there any limit of statement that can appear under an if block.
 Write a program to check whether a person is eligible for voting or not. (accept age from user)
  Write a program to check whether a number entered by user is even or odd.
  Write a program to check whether a number is divisible by 7 or not.
  Write a program to display "Hello" if a number entered by user is a multiple of five , 
otherwise print "Bye".
Write a program to check whether the last digit of a number( entered by user ) is 
divisible by 3 or not.
Write a program to display the last digit of a number.

What keyword is used for looping?
What function can generate a list of numbers?
Name the 2 keywords used for looping?
What module is used for generating random values?
What keyword is used to skip back to the beginning of a loop?
What keyword is used to end looping completely?
Use range to generate a list from 1 through 5?
Select the code needed to generate a random number between 1 through 50 and assign it to rand_num?
What numbers does the following Range generate: range(5,10)?
What numbers does the following range generate range(3)?
What is printed out after the following code nums = range(1,5) print(nums)?
What numbers does the following range generate range(8,0,-2):
What does the following loop do?
What does the following loop do?
What can we do to get out of the infinite loop below?
 For loops are used to loop over:
 What is the tradeoff when using while loops for looping?
 What does the break keyword do?
 What does the following code print?
 
 What are the parameters and arguments?
 What are the different types of arguments in Python?
 What is the lambda function?
 What’s the difference between normal function and lambda function?
  What is the pass keyword used for?
  What is a recursive function?
  What are packing operators in Python? How to use them?
